Deprecate unnecessary exports and ISegment.parent (#16097)
microsoft/FluidFramework: .changeset/thirty-chicken-ask.md

---
"@fluidframework/merge-tree": minor
"@fluidframework/sequence": minor
---

Deprecate ISegment.parent

> This change deprecates the parent property on the ISegment interface. The property will still exist, but should not generally be used by outside consumers.

Author: ```suggestion
There are some circumstances where a consumer may wish to know if a segment is still in the underlying tree and were using the parent property to determine that.
```

> There are some circumstances where a consumer may wish to know if a segment is still in the underling tree, and were using the parent property.

Author: ```suggestion
There are some circumstances where a consumer may wish to know if a segment is still in the underlying tree and were using the parent property to determine that.
```
